BSV Twitter Blocklist
=====================================

What is this?
----------------
There are several thousand accounts on Twitter that propagate narratives on behalf of a 
man who has been proven to be a serial con artist, document forger, plagiarist, and 
pathological liar who claims to be the creator of Bitcoin. These accounts waste our time 
filling Twitter with falsehoods and it's best to ignore them.

The CSV in this repository was primarly based on [Jameson Lopp's list](https://github.com/jlopp/bsv-twitter-blocklist),
which was generated by performing a graph analysis of accounts based upon their interactions with each other. While its
accuracy is surely less than 100%, a manual review of random accounts on the list show it to have a low rate of false 
positives.

The list has then been added to with relevant accounts as they have been encountered. It contains not only pure BSV
trolls, but people who have at least once demonstrated that they buy into the falsehoods in question.

How do I use it?
----------------
You need technical savvy as Twitter does not allow you to import a blocklist through their apps.

You may use the provided CSV along with either [this tool](https://github.com/zonca/twitter_blocklist)
or [this tool](https://github.com/JusticeRage/twitter-blocklist)

Contributing
----------------
For quality control reasons, contributions are accepted from trusted community members only. You are more than welcome
to fork the list, as I also did.

License
-------
This information is published under the terms of the [Unlicense](LICENSE). Do what you wish with it.
